Su Hanshan
You send a few clubs.
Mixed into the Kouque Persimmon and the March respectively
Make a mess
And then...
Kill me a few more peacock persimmons
It's Your Majesty Your Majesty
Persimmons are the foundation of a country
The foundation of a country is the people, not the sons
But His Majesty's move may do his best to learn from the heart of the prince
I hope Your Majesty will think again.
Queen, you don't understand people's hearts, right?
What does Your Majesty mean by this?
This bunch of Kouque princes
And most of them are not petitioning.
It's a pack of follow-up dogs
Just want to mix circles and ride on one's coattails to broadcast traffic
Give yourself some integrity
Patriotic persona in the palace
Your Majesty, although I don't quite understand
What do you mean?
But why would they do that?
Most of them want to get ahead in the world
Do yourself a good deed
Just a bunch of sophisticated immediatists
What's the business of His Majesty doing this?
Kill Chen Yong
Li Si's wings drive two in three
The next step is to march into the commander Sima shi
So His Majesty is going to take action against Sima Shi
Tell the emissary to go out and enter again
The defense of the city depends entirely on the advance
I'm a little relieved
Your Majesty, you might as well take down Sima Shi directly
Save yourself a lot of trouble.
I don't engage in any royal crime
Not to mention the set of Wuji
Guilty is guilty
Innocence is innocence
I am not a fool
Haha, you are not a fool yet